
  
→ Attention
The package for this problem was not updated by the problem writer or Codeforces administration after we've upgraded the judging servers. To adjust the time limit constraint, a solution execution time will be multiplied by 2. For example, if your solution works for 400 ms on judging servers, then the value 800 ms will be displayed and used to determine the verdict.
  
Codeforces Round #146 (Div. 2)
Finished
Practice
Add to favourites
  
→ Virtual participation
Virtual contest is a way to take part in past contest, as close as possible to participation on time. It is supported only ICPC mode for virtual contests. If you've seen these problems, a virtual contest is not for you - solve these problems in the archive. If you just want to solve some problem from a contest, a virtual contest is not for you - solve this problem in the archive. Never use someone else's code, read the tutorials or communicate with other person during a virtual contest.
  
→ Clone Contest to Mashup
You can clone this contest to a mashup.

  
→ Submit?
Language:	
GNU GCC C11 5.1.0
Choose file:	No file chosen
  
→ Problem tags
    brute force    implementation    strings    *800
No tag edit access
  
→ Contest materials
Codeforces Round #146
Tutorial (en)
PROBLEMSSUBMITSTATUSSTANDINGSCUSTOM TEST
A. Boy or Girl
time limit per test1 second
memory limit per test256 megabytes
inputstandard input
outputstandard output
Those days, many boys use beautiful girls' photos as avatars in forums. So it is pretty hard to tell the gender of a user at the first glance. Last year, our hero went to a forum and had a nice chat with a beauty (he thought so). After that they talked very often and eventually they became a couple in the network.

But yesterday, he came to see "her" in the real world and found out "she" is actually a very strong man! Our hero is very sad and he is too tired to love again now. So he came up with a way to recognize users' genders by their user names.

This is his method: if the number of distinct characters in one's user name is odd, then he is a male, otherwise she is a female. You are given the string that denotes the user name, please help our hero to determine the gender of this user by his method.

Input
The first line contains a non-empty string, that contains only lowercase English letters — the user name. This string contains at most 100 letters.

Output
If it is a female by our hero's method, print "CHAT WITH HER!" (without the quotes), otherwise, print "IGNORE HIM!" (without the quotes).

Examples
inputCopy
wjmzbmr
outputCopy
CHAT WITH HER!
inputCopy
xiaodao
outputCopy
IGNORE HIM!
inputCopy
sevenkplus
outputCopy
CHAT WITH HER!
Note
For the first example. There are 6 distinct characters in "wjmzbmr". These characters are: "w", "j", "m", "z", "b", "r". So wjmzbmr is a female and you should print "CHAT WITH HER!".